.TH NOVACOIN.CONF "8" "April 2013" "novacoin.conf 3.19"
.SH NAME
novacoin.conf \- novacoin configuration file
.SH SYNOPSIS
All command-line options (except for '-datadir' and '-conf') may be specified in a configuration file, and all configuration file options may also be specified on the command line. Command-line options override values set in the configuration file.
.TP
The configuration file is a list of 'setting=value' pairs, one per line, with optional comments starting with the '#' character.
.TP
The configuration file is not automatically created; you can create it using your favorite plain-text editor. By default, novacoind(1) will look for a file named novacoin.conf(5) in the novacoin data directory, but both the data directory and the configuration file path may be changed using the '-datadir' and '-conf' command-line arguments.
.SH LOCATION
novacoin.conf should be located in $HOME/.novacoin
.SH NETWORK-RELATED SETTINGS
.TP
.TP
\fBtestnet=\fR[\fI'1'\fR|\fI'0'\fR]
Enable or disable run on the test network instead of the real *novacoin* network.
.TP
\fBproxy=\fR\fI'127.0.0.1:9050'\fR
Connect via a socks4 proxy.
.TP
\fBaddnode=\fR\fI'10.0.0.2:8333'\fR
Use as many *addnode=* settings as you like to connect to specific peers.
.TP
\fBconnect=\fR\fI'10.0.0.1:8333'\fR
Use as many *connect=* settings as you like to connect ONLY to specific peers.
.TP
\fBnoirc=\fR[\fI'1'\fR|\fI'0'\fR]
Use or Do not use Internet Relay Chat (irc.lfnet.org #novacoin channel) to find other peers.
.TP
\fRmaxconnections=\fR\fI'value'\fR
Maximum number of inbound+outbound connections.
.SH JSON-RPC OPTIONS
.TP
\fBserver=\fR[\fI'1'\fR|\fI'0'\fR]
Tells *novacoin* to accept or not accept JSON-RPC commands.
.TP
\fBrpcuser=\fR\fI'username'\fR
You must set *rpcuser* to secure the JSON-RPC api.
.TP
\fBrpcpassword=\fR\fI'password'\fR
You must set *rpcpassword* to secure the JSON-RPC api.
.TP
\fBrpctimeout=\fR\fI'30'\fR
How many seconds *novacoin* will wait for a complete RPC HTTP request, after the HTTP connection is established.
.TP
\fBrpcallowip=\fR\fI'192.168.1.*'\fR
By default, only RPC connections from localhost are allowed. Specify as many *rpcallowip=* settings as you like to allow connections from other hosts (and you may use * as a wildcard character).
.TP
\fBrpcport=\fR\fI'8332'\fR
Listen for RPC connections on this TCP port.
.TP
\fBrpcconnect=\fR\fI'127.0.0.1'\fR
You can use *novacoin* or *novacoind(1)* to send commands to *novacoin*/*novacoind(1)* running on another host using this option.
.TP
\fBrpcssl=\fR\fI'1'\fR
Use Secure Sockets Layer (also known as TLS